                   eZ publish Professional Software Licence
                                 Version 2.0

NOTICE:

The provisions of this "eZ publish Professional Licence Agreement"
(the "Professional Licence") regulate a commercial licence to use, amend,
modify and distribute the accompanying software "eZ publish"
(the "Software"). Subject to the provisions of the "Professional Licence",
you will be free to distribute the Software in original, modified or amended
versions without following the rules of GNU GPL.

The Software is also available under a General Public Licence ("GNU GPL"),
meaning that the source code is open and freely available upon the provisions
included in the GNU GPL. You may also, under the GNU GPL, modify or amend the
Software, and you may distribute the Software to others, with the
modifications or amendments you have made. However, you may do this only under
the terms of the same GNU GPL, requiring that all the source code is open and
free. The Professional Licence should therefore be applied if you intend to
modify or amend the Software and enjoy a stronger copyright protection of your
work in such regards and/or make and sell commercial versions thereof.

The Professional Licence does only include eZ publish software
copyrighted eZ systems AS.

Upon the condition that you accept the terms of this Professional Licence, eZ
systems AS will hereby licence to you the right to use the Software. Please
read all the terms carefully. When using the Software under terms not
following the GNU GPL you will be legally bound by the Professional Licence
and accept the terms and conditions contained below.

PROFESSIONAL LICENCE: 

The Software that accompanies this Professional Licence is the property of
eZ systems AS and is protected by copyright laws and international copyright
treaties. eZ systems AS continues to own the Software and you will be entitled
to use the Software in certain ways after your acceptance of this Professional
Licence. Your right to use the Software will be within the limits set forth in
this Professional License and applicable law.

Except as may be modified by a licence addendum which accompanies this
Professional Licence, your rights and obligations with respect to the use of
this Software are as follows:

YOU MAY: 

(i)     install and use the Software under the provisions of this
        Professional Licence.

(ii)    distribute the Software also with your amendments, modifications or
        new components, without making all your amendments, modifications or
        new components available under the GPL licence. If you distribute
        software with any of the rights given to you by this licence, you have
        to make sure the receiver has a valid professional licence. 

(iii)   rebrand the Software. 

(iv)    licence and sell the Software and/or amendments, modifications and
        new components. 

While eZ systems AS is and will be the owner and copyright holder of the
eZ publish source code, amendments and new coding will be the property of the
originating party.

YOU MAY NOT: 

(i)     resell or give to others the rights given to you by this
        Professional Licence, without making sure the receiver has
        a valid Professional Licence. 

(ii)    modified software may not be distributed under any of the product
        names of eZ systems, unless otherwise is agreed upon. Except as a
        reference, i.e. like product XYZ powered by eZ publish.

DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES: 

In no event will eZ systems AS or any contributors or partners of eZ systems
be liable to you for any special, consequential, indirect or similar damages,
including any lost profits or lost data arising from the use or inability to
use the Software. The Software comes with no warranty.

GENERAL: 

The laws of Norway will govern this Agreement. This Agreement may only be
modified by a written document that has been signed by eZ systems AS.
